readme.md, before:

# Visulaizing Bot behaviours in social media platforms
In fufiillment for HKUST COMP6411D Course Project (Fall 2025)

## Team Information
Group name: Team VISVISVIS

Members: WONG Hiu Tung, MA Sum Yi, WANG Ziting, TSE Wai Chung

## Overview
Have you ever wondered whether if the person you are chatting to online really exist? In this day and age, where Large Language Models such as ChatGPT and Gemini are able to converse like a real person, it is liekly that the post you see is automatically generated! This project explores the patterns and phenomenon existing in bot generated contents on social media, and in the end, include a small interactive activity to test your knowledge in bot behaviours.

## Dataset
We would be using the [multisocial](https://zenodo.org/records/13846152) dataset for the visualization.

## Demo
The project uses Tableau mainly for the constuction of the visualizations. To view the demo of the full visualization, please follow the steps below, or view the video.

### Set-up
View ```main.html``` in browser.

### Video:
A quick overview with narration of the full data story conveyed by the visualization. 

[```Press here to view the video```]()

Commit message:

added link to view vis

readme.md, after:

# Visulaizing Bot behaviours in social media platforms
In fufiillment for HKUST COMP6411D Course Project (Fall 2025)

## Team Information
Group name: Team VISVISVIS

Members: WONG Hiu Tung, MA Sum Yi, WANG Ziting, TSE Wai Chung

## Overview
Have you ever wondered whether if the person you are chatting to online really exist? In this day and age, where Large Language Models such as ChatGPT and Gemini are able to converse like a real person, it is liekly that the post you see is automatically generated! This project explores the patterns and phenomenon existing in bot generated contents on social media, and in the end, include a small interactive activity to test your knowledge in bot behaviours.

## Dataset
We would be using the [multisocial](https://zenodo.org/records/13846152) dataset for the visualization.

## Demo
The project uses Tableau mainly for the constuction of the visualizations. To view the demo of the full visualization, please follow the steps below, or view the video.

### Set-up
View ```main.html``` in browser.

Or view it here by [clicking this link!](https://nychopkie.github.io/SMS_bot_vis/main.html)

### Video:
A quick overview with narration of the full data story conveyed by the visualization. 

[```Press here to view the video```]()
